War Engines first pass (#28)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/main-rules/pages/attempt-repairs.adoc

= R3. Attempt repairs

This step is relevant only for war engines with minor (repairable) damage or collapsed void shields.

> For each repairable critical result and each collapsed shield, take a Repair test.

Author: ```suggestion
For each repairable critical result and each collapsed void shield, take a Repair test.
```

Just spotted a 'void' that I missed.

Reviewer: Very slight additional tweaks to be semantically precise.

```suggestion
For each repairable critical damage effect and each collapsed void shield, take a Repair test.
```

Author: Looks good.

.Repair test

> Roll a D6: On a score of 4 or more you succeed -- the critical result or void shield is repaired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roll a D6: On a score of 4 or more you succeed -- the critical damage effect or void shield is repaired.
```

Author: Also looks good.
